add warning about docker on macOS (#1472)
meilisearch/documentation: learn/getting_started/quick_start.md

Data written to a **Docker container is not persistent** and is wiped every time the container is stopped. We recommend using a shared Docker volume between containers and host machines to provide persistent storage.

> This method is not recommended for macOS and Windows, because I/O between the host and the container terribly slow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method is not recommended for macOS or Windows, because I/O between the host and the container can be very slow. For these operating systems, we recommend using the native application or a [cloud-hosted option](#cloud-deploy).
```
